>> Jen Kramer: Now that we have,
we have the about section written,
we have our footer section written, and
we have our project section written, and
they're all in separate CodePens.
The next thing I wanna do is combine
all of those into a single page.
So that is the next
thing what we wanna do.
Here inside of your website, in chapter 6,
we are getting ready to start on
our light dark theme switcher, and
we're gonna start that by combining
everything into a single page.
So what we're gonna need in order to
get this done is the project's pen that
we just finished.
So the layout we just finished
in terms of our projects, and
the mobile and the desktop version.
We're going to need to
open up the about page.
So we wanna go back to this CodePen here,
with the section that
we wrote on the about.
And we wanna go back to our footer.
>> Jen Kramer: And
all of that information here.
And now we're going to combine
these all into one CodePen.
So with the exception of that
switch up there on the top,
this is the way the page
is supposed to look.
We should have an about section,
on top of a project section,
on top of a footer section.
So, does anyone have any
suggestions of how we should start?
>> Student 1: Probably we can
create a single HTML page,
and then copy each of those tags and
put them there accordingly.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah.
>> Student 1: And
then the CSS consolidate
that together as well.
>> Jen Kramer: There we go, we should
just copy over each of our sections.
So, the good news is,
with our projects markup here,
all of the markup that we've written so
far is here inside of this pen.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm going to start
with my about page here, and what I'm
going to copy over is not the wrapper,
but just the article part of this, okay?
And you can do that really easily
by working with your arrows here.
So I've just flattened that up.
This is lines 2 to 30, all in that
[LAUGH], and I can just copy that
little bit of code and then come
back over to my Projects pen here.
>> Jen Kramer: And
there's the main, right?
So the article comes before the main.
So I'll just hit return, and paste.
>> Jen Kramer: So there's my about
section, followed by my projects.
Wait a minute,
why does this look different?
This looks like the desktop version of it,
and
this looks like the mobile version of it.
What's going on here?
>> Student 1: Media query
has not been copied.
>> Jen Kramer: That's right,
we wrote a small media query,
a 750 pixel media query here for
the about page, but it's 850 pixels here.
So we're somewhere between 750 and
800 pixels right now, okay?
If I go back to smaller than 750 pixels,
we have the mobile version for
both of these.
And if I make it bigger, now I have
the desktop version for both of these.
Nice, okay?
So we have this interesting
little in-between layout, right?
It's desktop there, but mobile here.
Looks good, okay?
And then, so that took care of that.
Now we're gonna go to the footer,
we're gonna do the same thing.
We'll just use our arrows.
We're gonna go basically line 2 to 53 for
our footer.
Copy that.
And then here in our CodePen,
once we get past our main portion of
the page, we'll paste in our footer.
>> Jen Kramer: And, sure enough,
down there at the bottom is
the footer portion of our webpage.
Look at that.
You've coded the whole thing.
You're amazing.
You're so good at this.
Yay, all right.
So, let me let me just point out to those
of you who are watching who may be feeling
a little bit overwhelmed
at this point in time.
You have a perfectly good
webpage just like this.
You could launch this and
be very proud of this webpage.
And if you're feeling like,
I've had enough in terms of code, and
I'm ready to just get this up online and
not think about it anymore.
I would encourage you to
skip forward to chapter 7,
where I'm gonna walk you through
how we take this out of CodePen and
then get this up on the web so
that everybody can see it.
And that's what we'll
be doing in chapter 7.
However, if you're one of those people
who are like, yeah, that was really good.
And now I want a little bit more,
I wanna have this light, dark color theme.
Then we're gonna continue on with
here with that in chapter 6.
So, that is the next thing
we're gonna work on.